Update processing rules (#56)
arndt-s/ietf-identity-chaining: identity-chaining-draft.md

### Processing rules

All of Section 5.2 {{RFC7521}} applies, in addition to the following processing rules:

> * The "aud" claim value MUST be either the token endpoint identifier as described Section 3 {{RFC7523}} or the Authorization Server issuer idetifier as defined in Section 5.2 of {{RFC7521}}. 

Reviewer: idetifier -> identifier  

but Section 5.2 of RFC7521 doesn't define the issuer identifier, does it? I think "issuer identifier" is defined first in AS Metadata RFC8414

Reviewer: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9126#section-2-5 or https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9207#section-1.1-2 are examples of places that cite it

Author: Aha! That makes a lot more sense, thanks Brian. Let me try again.

Author: @bc-pi I made updates to try and clarify that:

1. The aud claim should identify the token endpoint or the authorization server
2. The issuer identifier should follow the format defined in RFC 8414

Thanks for pointing that out, I would never have known to look there otherwise.

Please suggest alternative text in case the change is not clear.

Reviewer: Thinking about it a bit more and this is trickier than it should be- sorry! But I think the language you had before is preferable with just getting the reference and spelling right. I'll suggest some text

Reviewer: I'm even kinda having second thoughts about the value/appropriateness of bringing up RFC 8414 here but it's probably okay...

### Processing rules

All of Section 5.2 {{RFC7521}} applies, in addition to the following processing rules:

> * The "aud" claim MUST identify either the token endpoint or the authorization server. To avoid ambiguity, the issuer identifier as defined in {{RFC8414}} SHOULD be used as the value of the "aud" claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The "aud" claim value MUST identify the Authorization Server as a valid intended audience of the assertion using either the token endpoint as described Section 3 {{RFC7523}} or the issuer identifier as defined in Section 2 of {{RFC8414}}.
```
